Codingame profile : https://www.codingame.com/profile/67b4b5af123e5b306a2ef1bb560ba6e57086864
League and rank : Gold league, rank 95th
Github link : https://github.com/havietisov/pod_racing
Strategy report : 
 - Wooden league : pod was always looking at the checkpoint, and throttled it's thrust to 0 when in close proximity to it to eliminate overshooting. It's all it took to go through this league. This league took me probably 1.5 hours to beat. 
 - Bronse league : I made pod to remember it's position at previous frame and made it look at it's previous position at certain distance (3.5 * difference between last known position and current position) from the checkpoint, as well as throttle the thrust to 0, to both eliminate overshooting and to save some time on realignment to next checkpoint. Thrust was also throttled if angle to next checkpoint was greater than 75 degrees. This league took me probably 2 hours to beat. 
 - Silver league : Pod was allowed to boost when distance to checkpoint was greated than 4000 units. Also, when in certain proximity to the target (3.5 * difference between last known position and current position), target position was set to middle of the field, but only in cases when pod is at 2000+ units away from it. If it wasn't the case, then the old "realignment" technique was used. This was done to exploit most common patterns of tracks, and most of the time, the pod was turning in a direction of the next checkpoint without knowing the exact route. Pods were also using shields if they were sure the next turn, distance between current pod and any o the hostile pods becomes less than 850. It was possible by restoring the velocity vector using current and previous pod positions. It also proven to be lucrative to have a 6 turn cooldown for the shield. This league took me around 4 hours to beat. 
 - Gold league : Majod adjustments. First of all, one pod was designated "battle pod", chasing the enemy pod that has the biggest lap number, or, biggest checkpoint index. If it anticipates the collision (using technique from previous league), it uses shields to bump even harder. At the same time, "battle pod" avoids collision with friendly "racing pod". Friendly racing pod uses shield only if there's an anticipated collision and currently, we're realigning for next checkpoint (indicated by 0 throttle on thrust), or the enemy pod is between us and target, while moving towards us (indicated by velocity vector). Therefore, we allow enemy pods to bump into us full throttle if such bump is more likely to push us towards the target. Turn realigning strategy also changed, since now we know exxact route. Once we reach certain distance to the target (3.5 * velocity vector magnitude), we start aligning towards next checkpoint - our velocity vector to decreate or eliminate overshooting. Distance between motion vector and checkpoint position also taken into account, and we only start to realign for next checkopoint if distance between it and checkpoint is less than half the checkpoint radius. Also, throttle is different on different angles towards the target, in order to turn quicker. It would probably be more appropriate to build a proper motion planner for this, but I missed the part of the rules which described simulation details, and proceeded with "cheap" approach. It took me around 12 more hours to reach my current rank in the gold league. 
